ASSURED SHORTHOLD TENANCY AGREEMENT

For a room at <#PROPERTY> (landlord resident):

* **The Property ("the Property")**: <#PROPERTY>,

* **The Room ("the Room")**: Being the room occupied by the Lessee at the
  Property,

* **The Lessor ("the Lessor, the Landlord")**: <#LESSOR>,

* **The Lessee ("the Lessee, the Tenant")**: <#LESSEE>.


It is hereby agreed as follows:

### Art. 1 – *Description of rented premises*

<#ROOM>

### Art. 2 – *Duration and cost*

The monthly rental is fixed at <#RENT>, payable in advance on the first day of
every month, heating and electricity included.  This contract is agreed for a
period of <#N_MONTHS> months, starting on <#START>. The notice period is 15
days for the termination of the sublease and one month in case of early
termination (under contract).

### Art. 3 – *Reasons for early termination*

#### On the part of the lessor:

1. If a termination notice is given for the main lease (the lessor’s)
1. If the rent is not paid
1. If the lessee violates his due diligence toward and respect for his neighbors
1. If the lessee sub-rents his lodgings to a third person without prior authorization or occupies the lodgings together with another person.


### Art. 4 – *Furniture and items*

Included in this rental agreement are the furniture and items listed on an
inventory agreed and signed by both parties on the day of take-up of the
rental. The lessee should keep these in good condition, and leave them at the
end of the rental period without any damage other than the normal wear and
tear. No furniture should be removed from the lodgings, except if asked for by
the lessor.

### Art. 5 – *Special services*

Any fees for subscriptions to telephone, radio or television services are the
responsibility of the lessee, if any of these are installed in the rented
premises.

### Art. 6 – *Use of facilities*

The lessee may use the facilities mentioned in Art. 1, but may not use them for
any other purpose than that for which they are designed for. The lessee may not
allow any strangers to benefit from this rental agreement.

### Art. 7 – *Responsibility of the lessee*

The lessee is responsible for all damages caused in the rented premises or in
the building, by his fault, negligence or misuse. He is expected to keep the
rented premises in a state of perfect cleanliness and good order. Furthermore
he should take out a third party liability insurance.

### Art. 8 – *General conditions*

Under the conditions stipulated by this rental agreement, use of the rented
lodgings and furniture are regulated by the rental terms and conditions of the
canton of Zurich. The conditions of the Federal Code of Obligations will apply
in case the current rental agreement and its attachments are not otherwise
applicable.  The written notice period is 15 days for the termination of the
sublease or its continuation.

For the lessee   …………………………………….

For the lessor   …………………………………….

<#WHERE>, <#WHEN>
